---
VISUX
---
I don't do vi.  Moded editing is a concept that just does not produce results
for me.

I do emacs, and Textmate.  Emacs has some limitations inherent with being LISP
based which cause some issues; TextMate is bound to osX and osX is rapidly
declining into a system I will not use.

So, basically, we come to this: VIM has a lot of good plugins; it has python
scripting support, and vimacs showed that it was possible to fix the second
reason vi does not work for me - the keymapings are just goofy.  It also
showed where my other issue is - the primary one - and that is "Modal
Editing."  No need for that when you can assign things to keys, keep your
hands on the  keyboard, and be productive.  Hey, if those keys work for you,
great.  I ain't telling you how to work.  This works for me.

* note: if you are intending to tell me how to work: go do some work.
* Seriously. Get over yourself.

This is my alteration of vimacs to fix it to work with various plugins I
needed or wanted - so it worked MY way, and I could get WORK done.

It also is various plugins, and various setups in my vimrc that help with
things.

I use this on multiple OS's - including ones _you_ don't use and don't care
about - like MorphOS and Amiga.

* Note: Amiga originally had microemacs and not vi.
* It is the c64 turbo assembler that is vi like. (TASM)

So there you go.  Flame on, vi cultists, flame on.  I'm gonna do actual work.
Using my emacs bindings and my TextMate-like environment.

---
I have abandoned this, though this works; even nicely; however:
 * most of your plugins for vim are unable to handle the concept of non-modal editing.
 * modal editing and I do not get along.
 * because it is an utter waste of time.
 * I have spent some time with lisp. Lisp is not that difficult. Or bad.

There is a textmate-like program for Linuxen (and it may work on *nixen) which I tried.
It looked good.
Then I got to the documentation, where I checked to see how to enable emacs keys.
The authors basically said "if you use Emacs, you are stupid."
Nope, they are. I don't use their project, and it's pay-for-use anyway, so screw that.

Emacs isn't.  Oh, and Gnu people?  RMS maintained it for years and uses it.

Suck on that.

